INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO INSTALL AND CONFIGURE THIS PLUGIN

This external plugin for JFusion allows connection to any external site using any method your server supports as long as the required configuration settings are correct,
and the other site is configured correctly aswell.

IMPORTANT: CONFIGURE THE PLUGIN FILES BY EDITING THE CODE IN THEM AND MAKE SURE THE EXTERNAL SERVER API IS COMPATABLE WITH THE PLUGIN BEFORE TRYING THIS OUT FOR USE WITH
TWO PRODUCTION SITES. FOR INFORMATION ON THAT PLEASE REFER TO THE DOCUMENTATION AND WIKI PAGES.

INSTALLING
Navigate to your Joomla administrator page (joomla/administrator) and select JFusion from the componenets dropdown and on the submenu click "Plugin manager", 
or click JFusion to go to the JFusion page and click "manage plugins". You should be able to see at the bottom 3 options for installing this plugin:

Choose any of the 3 methods to upload the plugin (with all the files still in an archive not extracted)
- Upload Package File 
- Install from directory 	  
- Install from URL 

UPLOAD PACKAGE FILE
Using this method you simply upload you plugin file (a zip file or archive of simillar variety) through the upload box which when you
click upload it will put the plugin on your server and install it.

INSTALL FROM DIRECTORY
If you already have the plugin uploaded on your site (manually taking an automatic step of the first method) you can simply point Joomla to where your plugin is by typing
a relative link and clicking install (type ../ to go up one directory).

INSTALL FROM URL
If the plugin file is located on another server you can use an absalute URL to point joomla to the file which is the same method as the second but the plugin can be
located on any server as long as it grants access to download.

CONFIGURING
Once installed the plugin just needs configuring and the settings tested to confirm it is working as intended.

On the configuration page where you confirm the location of the software you must enter an absolute URL (unlike normal plugins) such as www.yourexternalsite.com/api
and make sure it points to the url where your external server uses it's own api to deal with users from another system for the purposes of the plugin.

If the URL has an api compatable with the plugin (see documentation and wiki for information on making a compatable api) then it will confirm that you have entered the correct
information and found the configuration information. This configuration information will already be hard coded where relevant in the plugin files (see documentation and wiki howto)
but the confirmation will be that the configuration is correct on both sides.

Any extra information you see such as databases and information that wouldn't be used in an external user process will be in the plugin simply to avoid JFusion errors as there is no
way of providing a plugin without this information even if it isn't relevant so irrelevant and filler settings are supplied by default, ignore them.

If everything is fine then you just need to check all the functions are working by trying out the plugin features and confirming they work with your server and the external server.

